[GSoC 2021] - Initialize the GSoC 2021 project ideas, update landing (#3910)
jenkins-infra/jenkins.io: content/projects/gsoc/2021/project-ideas/plugin-installation-manager-tool.adoc

---
layout: gsocprojectidea
title: "Plugin Installation Manager Tool Improvements"
goal: "Update the plugin installation manager to integrate with the Configuration as Code plugin, Docker images, and other Jenkins projects"
category: Tools
year: 2020
status: draft
sig: platform
skills:
- Java
- JSON
- Command line tools
- Package management tool theory
mentors:
# TBC
#- "kwhetstone"
#- "timja"
- "oleg_nenashev"
links:
  gitter: "jenkinsci/plugin-installation-manager-cli-tool"
  draft: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1s-dLUfU1OK-88bCj-GKaNuFfJQlQNLTWtacKkVMVmHc
---
=== Background

> Last summer, there was a Jenkins Google Summer of Code project to create a tool to automatically install plugins from the command line based on a provided input.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In 2019 there was a Jenkins Google Summer of Code project to create a tool to automatically install plugins from the command line based on a provided input.
```

This is meant to help with creating reproducible environments and other places where you would want to install a certain set of plugins.
The project was successful in creating a useable tool to install plugins with a 1.0 release.
As the project progressed over the summer, the student received a lot of enhancement suggestions that were great, but out of the scope of the summer project.
This summer, the project should incorporate enough enhancements to be used by the official Jenkins docker tooling and Configuration as Code.

Following the project tracker, there are several tickets specific to better running with the docker image that would make it more universal.
Most of these revolve around using alternative locations for downloading plugins, and sharing a cache with the maven repo.

> Along with improvements that are already known, it’s important for the student to work with the community to integrate the tool with the docker image and with Configuration as Code.

Reviewer: the tool is in the docker image probably needs some tweaks throughout the page

Author: Yes. Hence a draft
